Previously on aMC's
"Better Call Saul"...
Free.
I'll shoot the spot for free.
For free?
You're losing money.
My brother is sick.
He's making mistakes
with his clients.
You're not gonna
do anything. are you?
To new beginnings.
I need to see Dr. Cruz
as soon as possible.
The man killed for helping
the truck driver.
You are trying
to correct something
which cannot be corrected.
Hector wants to use
my dad's business.
If you manage to pull this off
and switch those pills.
switch them back.
I'm gonna need
one more thing from you.
[Thumping]
[Lock clanking]
[Dog barking in distance]
Let there be light.
And then there was light.
Geez.
Will you look at this...
That's where
your mom used to work.
Right back there.
doin' the books.
Yeah. Whatever.
Hey. remember when
we used to ditch fourth
come in the back door?
Tell your folks
it was a free period.
O'dell's algebra two.
[ Laughing ]
Mr. O'Dell.
Man. that guy was a butthole.
And your mom. you know. I think
she knew we were skipping.
But she'd always
stop what she was doing
And gimme a pack of
little debbie's. Ahh.
Think all those little debbie's
put them out of business.
[Chuckles]
Hey. how'd you get up there
when you were a kid?
couple of milk crates. you know?
Ohh.
[Rattling]
[Sniffles]
All right.
No. No. No.
Nope.
Ah.
[Inhales sharply]
Boom.
Indian head penny.
All right?
That's worth about three bucks.
We polish it up.
run the coin game...
Nice.
We get 150 bucks. easy.
$150?
We got a $110
for a plain vanilla half dollar.
This... this is
actually rare.
I mean. you can see it.
- $300. easy.
- Oh. $300?
- Me likey.
- Yeah.
Now you're gonna tell me
What your coin collection
was doin' up there.
Uh...
[Sighs]
It's a long story.
Um...
Let's get outta here.
[Siren wails. flashlight clicks]
[Wailing continues]
[Dog barking in distance]
All right. Now.
Let's hit it.
No. there might be another one.
All right.
Then give.
What's the deal with the coins?
[Chuckles]
Well. uh...
[Inhales sharply]
I was what?
Uh. 12 or so?
I was working the register.
Guy comes in.
buys a box of ivory flakes
and a sixer of old style.
He pays
with a couple bucks and...
This.
The second I see it.
I know what it is...
It's a George Washington Silver.
I tell my dad.
"pop. this quarter is rare.
It's worth
four bucks."
Barely get the words
outta my mouth...
He hightails it outta here
to give it back.
He can't find the guy.
so he tapes it
to the side of the register...
he's hoping [Chuckling]
that this guy
will come back
so we can return it.
After about a week.
he starts talking about
Givin' it to father mahoney
for the poor box.
So I make it disappear.
And after that.
every day after school.
I'm checking the till.
You know.
something catches my eye.
I stick it in the box.
Put it up there for good luck.
[Clears throat]
So much for good luck.
It was a cryin' shame
they lost this place.
[Chuckling]
They never shoulda bought it
in the first place.
My dad didn't have it in him.
Whaddya mean?
Your folks worked so hard.
Yeah. they worked hard!
They worked a lotta hours
for a lotta years.
For nothin'.
I dunno. jimmy.
He had a lotta customers.
Everybody liked him.
Everybody liked him
'cause he was a soft touch.
You know?
Every deadbeat in
the neighborhood owed him money.
You come in here
with a sob story.
you leave with a pat on the back
and a gallon of milk.
He... he coulda
made it work.
He coulda sold beer
and cigarettes
to the kids
from Mary-Margaret's.
but [Chuckles] oh. no. not him.
He was never
gonna do what he had to do.
[Siren wailing]
[Clears throat]
How'd you know
there'd be another?
[Scoffs]
[Dog barking in distance]
Oh.
Banquet's over.
Those conventioneers
been talking farm equipment
for 10 hours straight...
Now they wanna party.
Gonna be a big night. my friend.
Whaddya say?
Time to get moving?
Let's go.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
*BETTER CALL SAUL
Season 03 Episode 08
Episode Title: "Slip"
[vehicle approaches]
[Breaks squeal]
[Gearshift clicks]
[Engine shuts off]
[Keys jingle]
[Trunk squeaks]
[Sighs]
[Wind rushing. insects chirping]
[Metal detector beeping]
[Metal detector beeps loudly]
[Clatters]
♪♪
[metal detector beeping]
[sighs]
♪♪
Yeah. Tribal police?
Yeah. I was out on your property
this afternoon
and found a dead body
off the old post road.
Out in the scrub. just past
the Oasis Motel Billboard.
I was out
with my metal detector.
looking for arrowheads.
No. I don't want
to give my name.
I-I-I was trespassing.
Look. y-you'd better
send someone out there
to find him
before the coyotes do.
♪♪
Over here. I've recorded
the location of the incident.
that is where I was physically
when it began.
This column
gives a proximate origin...
Uh. and as you can see.
uh. much of time.
I couldn't be sure.
so I just wrote "ambient."
Um. and. of course.
I've recorded
the. uh. times
and dosages of the medicine.
This is very impressive.
Charles.
And look at the trend!
Day one. pain of 7 and 8.
even 8.5.
Day three. nothing higher
than five and a quarter.
And now...
It's all 3s and 4s.
Later in the session.
I'd like
to give you some exercises
and strategies
that might help even more.
I'm all ears.
How do you see your next steps?
Well. clearly.
with this kind of improvement.
it won't be long before
I'm back to work full time.
with no accommodations.
And then. soon after.
I want to get back into court.
I haven't argued a case
in almost three years.
so that's next.
And I'm gonna get these lights
turned back on.
I want this house
to be full of music.
I want to have a dinner party...
Oh. hell. no.
[Chuckles]
A great. big celebration.
I want a hundred people in here.
Spilling out onto the lawn...
I want caterers and a full bar.
I want to be surrounded
by friends and colleagues.
That's stirring.
[Chuckles]
Those are excellent goals.
Doctor. I wouldn't have believed
I could come so far so quickly.
And I have to give you
the lion's share of the credit.
Well. it's remarkable.
But Rome wasn't built in a day.
I know rushing forward
may be tempting.
but it's important
to give yourself time.
Mm.
You've just begun a journey
that could take years.
Well. I suppose.
But. um. surely you'd admit
that every case is different?
Of course.
Then perhaps. uh.
my recovery might be speedier
than your
Run-of-the-Mill patient.
Isn't that possible?
I'm just cautioning you
not to push yourself too hard.
- Mm.
- I know.
Appreciate every step forward.
but modulate your expectations.
Yes. absolutely.
Let's talk about
the night you first called me.
- Mm.
- You sounded very distressed.
I was.
Using a telephone must have been
difficult for you.
[Sighs]
I had to walk 10 blocks
to a pay phone.
That was
extremely uncomfortable.
P-probably almost a 9.
[inhales sharply. clears throat]
What made it so important
to talk to me that night?
[Sighs]
I'd had an incident.
A very public incident.
Perhaps the worst experience
of my life.
[Sighs]
It was proven to me. in public.
And beyond
the shadow of a doubt.
that there was a battery...
a fully charged battery...
Almost next to my skin for
the better part of two hours.
And I felt nothing.
What does that mean to you?
[Clicks tongue]
[Inhales deeply]
This condition...
to me.
it's as real as that chair.
It's as real as this house.
It's as real as you.
But...
What if it's not?
What if it's all in my head?
And if that's true...
If it's not real...
Then what have I done?
[Clock ticking]
It's all in the storyboards.
Get set for the master shot.
Okay.
Lookin' good!
- We about ready?
- Just about.
I gotta hand it to you.
[Chuckling] I mean.
this is the busiest weekday
We've had
in the last six months.
And are people mentioning
the commercial?
You know what?
- They are. [Chuckles] [Chuckling]
- Excellent!
- I know.
- Oh. here's your partner.
Hey. get him into make-up.
and we can carve this Turkey.
Okay. Listen.
L... ex-excuse me.
- Not now.
- It's all right.
Sorry.
I just got off the phone
with the station.
You don't even work for them.
I never said
I work for the station.
I... [Clears throat]
Saul Goodman Productions.
remember?
You work with us
so you don't have to
deal with
the bureaucrats at KWBV.
We take care of everything.
Okay. Remind me.
how much is all this gonna cost?
Exactly what we talked about
the [Chuckling] other day.
The first one was gratis.
That's my treat.
Now we're moving on
to the elite package...
Seven commercials
For the heavily discounted price
of $6.500.
Mm. Yeah.
The station just quoted me
$450 per.
$450? That's for air time only.
Call the station.
Ask them how much they'd charge
For production of
seven top-flight tv commercials.
Okay. but why do we need
Seven new ones
in the first place?
Yeah. What... what's to stop us
from paying the station
to just keep running
the one we have?
That's not what we agreed to.
How about that for starters?
He did give us
the first one for free.
Yeah. I know.
Okay. how about this...
How about we pay you $450
for the one that already aired.
and then we take it from there?
Guys. I don't wanna
get technical on ya.
but that commercial...
It doesn't actually
belong to you.
Look. it's the real
and intellectual property
of Saul Goodman Productions.
[Scoffs]
I don't think so.
I mean. it's our faces.
- It's our store.
- And it's my commercial.
And you can't run it without
my permission.
Oh. Okay.
Okay. Want to play it like that?
Mm-hmm. Okay. $450 is
now off the table.
- Yeah. and that crew of yours?
- [Chuckling] Yeah.
Just a bunch of UNM students.
We can get those.
We can get students.
Yes. we can.
We can... reshoot the ad... Yes.
- And then run that. How about that?
- Guys. Guys. come on.
Now. you wouldn't even
be thinking about a commercial
If it wasn't for me!
Okay. we are not
gonna pay you $6.500
for something
that we can do ourselves.
- You got it?
- Seriously?
- Seriously.
Th...
excuse us.
[cash register beeping.
printing]
Hello. there.
Anything we can help you with?
[Scoffs]
[Guitar playing in distance]
[Indistinct conversations]
[Metal squeaks]
What?
Put that camera back up.
Roll it.
It's not gonna do a damn thing.
Don't give me any lip. okay?
Just roll it.
Make sure it's pointed
in my direction.
Now. if you're gigging a lot...
Are you gigging a lot?
Uh. guys.
Sorry to interrupt.
Just want to make sure...
there's no wiggle room here?
We are with customers right now.
Yeah.
Please. all right?
Just go. Thank you.
Okay. well. best of luck
in all your future endeavors.
Go. Goodbye.
Go.
- Sorry about that.
[Drum clangs] Oh!
[Groans] Oh. my gosh!
Are you okay?
[Groaning] it was... a drumstick.
It was laying loose
in the aisle.
Somebody call an ambulance!
No. you don't need to...
[Inhales sharply] I don't need...
Aah! [Gasps]
Yes. an ambulance.
That's a good idea.
You guys have
liability insurance. right?
To our
"Four Corners Strategy..."
- Cheers to that.
- Cheers.
[Chatter] Mmm.
I'm not saying this to rush you.
but I have a 2:45 Tee time
at Four Hills...
So don't let me get.
uh. long-winded.
Okay. I've heard the water gets tricky
on the back nine there.
You heard right.
I didn't know you played.
Well. growing up where I did.
there was pretty much
nothing else to do.
We oughta be having this meeting
out on the fairway.
[Chuckles]
Well. I think
kim has a lot to cover.
Speaking of which...
Sorry.
but I-I gotta ask.
I've got a friend.
Billy Gatwood.
He's a driller.
has a small operation
over near Farwell.
Anyway. the poor bastard's
tangled up
in some kind of
an interstate wrangle
between Texas and New Mexico.
Now. I can't make
heads or tails of it.
and neither can he.
His lawyer was a local guy.
completely over his head.
So Billy's fired the guy.
but now he doesn't know
whether to shit
or wind his watch...
Pardon my French.
[Chuckles]
Howard: Right this way.
Anyhow. I told him about
the job you're doing for us.
and I know
he'd love to talk to you.
Montana. I'd suggest big sky.
It's got all the beauty
of Montana.
but you don't have to wait
as long in the lift lines.
- Another...
- Oh. wow.
I can't tell you
how flattering that is.
Paige: Remember.
Kim's got her hands full
with Utah and Colorado.
As far as I'm concerned.
she's proven
She can field whatever
we throw at her and then some.
Kevin. your faith in me is...
It's...
it means a lot.
But when we first started
working together.
I promised you mesa verde
would be my sole focus.
And I meant it.
- Well. sure. but I gotta take...
- Hey there!
I thought
I saw some familiar faces.
- Howard.
- Kim... Sit.
I insist.
- Kevin...
- Howard.
Paige...
Always wonderful to see you.
You. too. Howard.
How've you been?
- Fantastic.
- Thank you.
All's well with the expansion?
I saw you got
that branch approved
on your original timeline.
after all.
- We did.
- Thanks to Ms. Wexler here.
well. Kim's one of the best.
You're lucky to have her.
She sure is. and we sure are.
Seems like just yesterday
She was... logging hours
in doc review.
Always a pleasure
to see one of our protégées
spread her wings
and leave the nest.
Well. I'll get out of your hair.
Best of luck to all of you.
You. too Howard.
I appreciate that we've got you
all to ourselves.
but I'm thinking billy just needs
a consultation...
I'm so sorry.
Um. but. uh. would you excuse me
for just a moment?
Sure.
I've had the Salmon here
and the Filet.
If you like sea scallops.
they're fantastic.
- Kim. Uh. uh. hello again.
- Howard... Sit.
I insist.
Sorry to interrupt.
I just needed
to give Howard something.
Folks. this is Kim Wexler.
A former member of our firm.
Kim. uh. this is the team
from O'malley industries.
Oh. of course.
I remember Lauren.
Good to see you again. kim.
This is Jack Sweet. our new CFO.
- Oh. hello.
- Pleasure.
Nice to see you. too.
Henry. Nick.
- Marie Austin. Good to meet you.
- Nice to meet you.
Good to see all of you.
Have a wonderful lunch. Howard.
Mm.
[Music continues]
Sorry to hold things up.
- Not at all.
- Okay.
Kevin. if you want
to give me Mr. Gatwood's number.
I'd be happy to speak to him.
Well. that's great.
Once I understand
what's going on.
I'll put him together
with a firm
That'll take
very good care of him.
I leave it
in your capable hands.
- Great.
- Okay. Utah.
The good news is the filing
requirements are very similar
- to what we submitted for Arizona.
- Oh. good.
Thanks again. kim. I'll let
billy know you'll be calling.
and we'll talk tee times soon.
- Sounds good. All right.
- See you soon. Kim.
Bye.
[Engine starts]
Thank you.
What the hell is this?
I think it's pretty
self-explanatory.
Look. Howard. you were
very generous when I left hhm.
But it never sat right with me
that you covered
my law-school loans.
It seemed to sit right
at the time.
I appreciate the gift.
but now that
I'm able to afford it.
I want to pay you back.
Oh. you "appreciate the gift"?
Yes. I do.
Howard. You know
what I'm doing in there?
Take a guess.
I'm doing damage control.
And I'm doing it
three meals a day
for the past two weeks
with every one of our clients.
I'm busting my ass.
trying to repair
the reputation of the firm
after you and jimmy
dragged it through the mud.
I did everything in my power
to defend my client.
Oh. is that
what you're calling it?
That's the job. Howard.
And by the way. it was all
very convenient for you
to ignore chuck's illness
when it suited you.
So. I take you out of the mail
room. put you through law school.
Mentor you.
and then when you leave
and stab me in the back.
that's my fault?
I'm not cashing this.
Kim. your debt is forgiven.
But anything else?
That's on you.
All jimmy and I did was show
the situation for what it is.
And if you are hiding that
from your clients?
Well. Howard. that's on you.
[Car door closes]
[Engine revs]
[Crickets chirping]
[Fink's "cold feet" plays]
[Sniffles]
♪ Cold ♪
♪ feet ♪
♪ always walk
in a vicious circle ♪
[air hissing]
♪ Cold feet always walk
in a vicious circle ♪
♪ oh ♪
♪ cold feet. yeah ♪
♪ always taking you nowhere ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ Cold feet
always taking you nowhere ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ Cold feet ♪
♪ Always walk
in a vicious circle. yeah ♪
♪ cold feet always walk
in a vicious circle ♪
[sighs]
[Vocalizing]
Nacho.
Hey. papa.
[Conversing in spanish]
Chuck: Blue shirt.
Yellow wall.
Silver door.
[Groans]
White sign.
[Sighs]
Red pepper.
Purple sweater.
Brown wood.
Black mat.
[Indistinct conversations]
[Breathing heavily]
[Clears throat]
[Cash register beeping]
[Electricity humming]
Woman on P.A.: Jason.
can I get you to the front
for carryout assistance?
Jason to the front
for carryout assistance.
[Conversations continue]
[Breathing heavily]
[Sighs]
Yellow bananas.
Green grapes.
Orange... Oranges.
[Exhales sharply]
Oh. excuse me.
Um. where would I find
the s-soy milk?
Uh. over there and to the left.
just past the freezer aisle.
[Clears throat]
[Electricity buzzing loudly]
[Breathing heavily]
[Sniffles]
[Sighs]
The white ceiling.
Green basket.
Gray floor.
[Breathing heavily]
♪♪
[buzzing stops.
telephone ringing in distance]
[Sighs] All set?
Yeah.
Courier on the way?
- 20 minutes.
- Great.
They'll need this
back at Gatwood Oil by EOD.
What's...?
[Music continues]
Hey.
What's up?
Oh.
Uh. new guitar.
Check it out.
Mm.
That is something.
I sold the rest of my ads.
That must be a relief.
Uh-huh.
They loved
the response they got.
Were so impressed.
they threw in this baby.
Signed by the one and only
Ritchie Blackmore.
And. uh. lying on the floor
helps you with your fingering?
- Oh. I fell.
- What?
It was during productions.
[Chuckling] Crazy stuff happens.
A long story.
But the big picture...
I'm up one guitar.
[Clicks tongue]
When did this happen?
Yesterday.
I saw you yesterday.
You were fine.
Uh. that was Tuesday.
You picked up clean clothes.
'Member?
Did you go to the doctor?
Oh. it's... it's not
as bad as it looks.
I just need to rest it.
It'll be fine.
Look on the desk.
There's something for you.
Yeah. that.
Open it.
That's my half.
It's good
for the next six weeks.
[Inhales sharply]
So at least we can
stop talking about that.
Jimmy. I wasn't...
- just take it
- So we're square. all right?
Okay.
Sorry.
Just...
My back hurts like hell.
and. uh...
People suck.
Jimmy. you...
You don't have to
push yourself like this.
You could rest.
[Sighs] [Music stops]
Let your back heal.
And then
you go to community service
And get it over with.
Take some time.
Plan your next move.
Meaning...?
I'm saying...
I could cover our expenses
for a while.
- Kim. you got the cash in your hand.
- Yeah. I know. but...
- So why are we talking about this?
- All I'm saying is
I looked at the numbers.
and I can carry us.
Not forever. but at least until
you're back to 100%.
I appreciate the thought.
but no.
I'll do what I have to do
to take care of my half.
You do what you have to do
to take care of yours.
End of story. [Sighs]
Okay.
[Guitar playing]
I mean. you believe me. right?
Yes.
Feel better. Jimmy.
[Music continues]
Francesca. is it too late
to get ahold of the courier?
I can call.
Need to reschedule?
No. cancel it.
And get Billy Gatwood
on the phone for me.
- Will do.
- Thanks.
[Music continues]
[Intercom beeps]
I've got billy gatwood
on the line.
Great.
Put him through.
Mr. Gatwood?
Hi. Kim wexler.
Listen. I've been
reviewing your documents.
And I thought I might've had to
refer you to a colleague. but...
I think I may have a solution
to your problem myself.
Do you think
you have some time this week
We could sit down and talk?
[Birds chirping]
[Dog barks in distance]
Chuck.
Howard.
What a nice surprise.
I knocked.
but there was no answer.
Thought you were asleep.
Figured I'd wait. in case...
- Are those groceries?
- They are.
I decided
to go for a little walk.
That's great. chuck. [Chuckles]
why don't you come on in?
Uh. thank you.
To what do I owe the pleasure?
Well. I wish it was just
a social call.
but unfortunately. we do have
an issue we need to discuss.
What's that?
It concerns
your malpractice insurance.
There's...
Well. we should sit
and talk it through.
[Horn honks in distance]
[Vehicles passing in distance]
[Dog barking in distance]
[Clanging softly]
[Metal creaking]
[Air hissing]
[francisco sarmiento's
"corrido de un raton" plays]
[Grill sizzling]
[Fan whirring softly]
[Music continues]
[Groans]
You're good.
Cool.
See you. Nacho.
Don Hector.
[Music continues]
[Door creaks]
[Door closes]
[Music continues]
What?
This one looks funny.
Bring it here.
[Grill sizzling in distance]
[Music continues]
You see?
Is it fake?
No. it's fine.
I'm so sorry. Don Hector.
[Money thumps]
[Music continues]
[Money rustling]
[Sniffles]
[Los panchos'
"hasta mañana" plays]
[Sniffles]
[Door creaks]
Carlos.
Nacho.
I'm heavy.
Took care of that problem
over on fifth.
That crew
won't bother us no more...
- Hey. do me a favor.
- Shut up.
You're good.
Okay.
See you next week.
[Door opens]
[Door closes]
[pills rattling softly]
[sniffles]
[sighs]
Don Hector. more espresso?
♪♪
[footsteps echo]
[grill sizzling]
♪♪
♪♪ Los Panchos'
"Hasta mañana" plays...
♪♪
Man: Mcgill.
Keep it moving.
[Wind whistling]
[Groans]
Freddy: Sir. Sir.
What's up?
Hey. uh.
it's... it's my kid.
Her mom just called.
You're not
supposed to be on the phone.
I know. I know. but she's sick.
She caught pneumonia
at day care.
She's in the hospital.
- Please. can I go?
- Sure. you can go.
But you're not gettin' credit.
C'mon. can I just go
and come right back?
I have to get my hours done
this week.
Judge says so.
Judge told you. huh?
Sounds like that's on you.
[Freddy scoffs]
Hey. buddy.
you wanna get outta here?
How much is it worth to you?
What?
To ditch this.
- How much?
- Leave me alone. yo.
Come on.
You want to get
to your deal or what?
Man. I was just tryin'
ta see my sick kid.
You're trying to sell
something you shouldn't have
to someone
who shouldn't be buying it.
Hey.
No judgments. all right?
Man's gotta make a living.
I'm just saying
the way you make yours
Rhymes with
"Mug Mealer."
- Yeah.
- What are you... a Narc?
I'm the guy
who's gonna get you out of here
- And let you keep your hours.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- How you gonna do that?
Lemme worry about the how. okay?
You just...
700 bucks. and you're gone.
No. I don't have 700 bucks.
Hey. you got a couple grand
in your sock.
[Scoffs]
[Sniffles]
700 bucks.
And you can get me outta here?
[Scoffs] Aight.
You can do it. you got a deal.
Okay.
Just go pick up trash.
Go on.
[Creaking]
[Sighs]
[Footsteps approach]
The hell's this?
Resting.
Uh. hurt my back.
Get up.
Nope.
My back's killing me.
Suit yourself.
You're not getting your hours.
I'm pretty sure you're gonna
give me my hours.
Oh. yeah?
And how do you figure that?
'cause if you don't.
I'm gonna sue you.
[Chuckles]
Hate to break it to you.
smart guy.
But you signed a waiver.
I signed a waiver with the city.
But I'm not suing the city.
I'm suing you!
Personally!
You can't do that.
Buddy...
[Groans]
This is the land of the free
and the home of the lawsuit...
I sure as shootin' can.
And you know what?
I think I'll bring that guy
in with me
And make it
a class-action thing.
What's he got to do with it?
You knowingly prevented him
from visiting his child
in the hospital.
If that isn't
intentional infliction
of emotional distress. what is?
That's... Crazy.
[Chuckling]
Crazy hasn't even started.
I can also sue you
for failure to approve
community-service hours...
That's a direct violation
of your duties
as an Agent
of the State of New Mexico.
I'm only doin' my job...
and just for tickles.
maybe I throw in
Failure to treat
and mitigate damages
suffered by me
due to injuries
sustained under your watch.
- Injury?
- My back.
You're full of shit.
The waiver clearly states...
[chuckling] Now. that waiver's
gonna make swiss cheese
look solid.
And in a personal lawsuit.
it's a fart in the wind.
You're never gonna win that.
Maybe.
Maybe not.
In order to find out.
we gotta do some math.
let's see.
A lawyer's gonna cost you
about 90 bucks an hour.
You're looking at 8 to 12 months
of litigation. minimum.
I'll represent myself.
[Chuckling] Great!
Bring it on.
You got a car?
You got a house?
A pension?
Kiss it all goodbye.
Look. out here.
you might be King Douche-nozzle.
But in court.
you are little people.
Look. the judge and I...
we'll gladly spend the next
five years in the courtroom.
But for you. it's expensive.
It's very. very expensive.
It's...
third-mortgage expensive.
So... I'm offering you
a simple choice.
You can go to your wife.
You can explain to her
you're about to lose your job.
your pension. and whatever
pinhole of a reputation
you've got at the Bowling Alley
on Glow-Ball Sundays.
or let my friend here
visit his sick daughter
in the hospital.
And you can let me rest my back
on this sacred.
now litter-free New Mexico Soil.
Oh. and we keep our hours.
[Wind rushing]
[Vehicles passing]
Fine.
Asshole.
Well. go on!
Get outta here.
[Chuckles]
Hey. man.
That was some
Jedi mind shit right there!
[Chuckles]
[Wind rushing]
The best $700 I done ever spent.
Here you go.
I'm out.
[Cellphone dialing]
Yeah. yeah.
Yo. I'm on my way.
[Wind rushing]
[Sighs]
♪♪
[sighs]
[insects chirping]
♪♪
[keys jingling]
Mike: I've got a problem
I think you can help me with.
I've got cash I can't spend.
About $200.000.
If anything happens to me.
my family'll never see it.
Now. it seems to me
you opened this place
to solve a similar problem.
And you think that solution
could be applied to you.
as a
one-time arrangement.
It would be unwise for us
to be publicly associated.
wouldn't you agree?
Because of the Salamancas.
If they were to take notice.
there would be consequences
for both of us.
I'm thinking
a paper transaction.
Even so.
Perhaps there is a way.
One with a degree more...
difficulty.
But one I may be able
to arrange.
Would 20%
overcome this difficulty?
I would not take money
from your family
[Clock ticking]
[Chair scrapes]
Synced and Corrected by srjanapala
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm